docs(deployment): Kubernetes restructure + Azure deployment guide (#1586)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/components/secret-stores/azure-keyvault/index.md

```yaml
secrets:
  - from: azure_keyvault:my-vault
    name: azure
```

The selector is the Key Vault name. Any keys referenced using `${azure:my_key}` resolve to a secret named `spice-my-key` in `my-vault`, falling back to `my-key` if the prefixed form does not exist. Logical key names use underscores; the store automatically translates them to the hyphen-delimited names that Key Vault requires (`openai_api_key` → `spice-openai-api-key` → `openai-api-key`).

## Parameters

| Parameter Name  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `auth_method`   | Optional. One of `service_principal`, `managed_identity`, `workload_identity`, `cli`, or `default`. Defaults to `default`, which auto-detects credentials via the [DefaultAzureCredential](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential) chain. |

Reviewer: This is incorrect, the current code does not follow the behavior of the `DefaultAzureCredential` chain. It only tries `service_principal` if its set or falls back to developer credentials.

```suggestion
| `auth_method`   | Optional. One of `service_principal`, `managed_identity`, `workload_identity`, `cli`, or `default`. Defaults to `default`: uses service_principal if client_secret is set, otherwise the Azure CLI / `azd` developer credential. Managed and workload identity are not selected implicitly — set `auth_method` explicitly when running on Azure infrastructure. |
```

> | `tenant_id`     | Required for `auth_method: service_principal`. The Microsoft Entra tenant ID.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tenant_id`     | Required for `auth_method: service_principal`. Optional for `workload_identity` — when omitted, read from the `AZURE_TENANT_ID` env var injected by the AKS workload-identity webhook. Ignored for `managed_identity`, `cli`, and `default` (developer-tools fallback). The Microsoft Entra tenant ID. |
```

> | `client_id`     | Required for `auth_method: service_principal` and `auth_method: workload_identity`. The application (client) ID. Optional for `managed_identity` to select a user-assigned identity.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `client_id`     | Required for `auth_method: service_principal`. Optional for `workload_identity` — when omitted, read from the `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` env var injected by the AKS workload-identity webhook. Optional for `managed_identity` to select a user-assigned identity (system-assigned is used when omitted). Ignored for `cli` and `default` (developer-tools fallback). |
```

## Authentication

The `auth_method` parameter selects the credential source:

- **`default`** (the default) — uses the [DefaultAzureCredential](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential) chain, attempting environment variables, workload identity, managed identity, and the Azure CLI in order. Suitable for most deployments.
- **`service_principal`** — uses an explicit `tenant_id`, `client_id`, and `client_secret`. Use when Spice must authenticate as a specific Microsoft Entra application.
- **`managed_identity`** — uses the [system-assigned managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) of the Azure VM, AKS node, Container App, or ACI hosting Spice. Pass `client_id` to select a user-assigned identity.
- **`workload_identity`** — uses [federated tokens](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/workload-identity-overview) injected by AKS or another Kubernetes cluster configured with workload identity. Requires `client_id` and `tenant_id` (typically supplied by the workload identity admission webhook through `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` / `AZURE_TENANT_ID`).

> - **`cli`** — uses cached credentials from a local `az login` session. Common during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`default`** (the default) — uses an explicit `service_principal` when `client_secret` is set, otherwise falls back to local developer credentials (Azure CLI / `azd`, via the SDK's `DeveloperToolsCredential`). Set `auth_method` explicitly when running on Azure infrastructure. Suitable for local development and for service-principal credentials wired through params.
- **`service_principal`** — uses an explicit `tenant_id`, `client_id`, and `client_secret`. Use when Spice must authenticate as a specific Microsoft Entra application.
- **`managed_identity`** — uses the [system-assigned managed identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview) of the Azure VM, AKS node, Container App, or ACI hosting Spice. Pass `client_id` to select a user-assigned identity.
- **`workload_identity`** — uses [federated tokens](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/aks/workload-identity-overview) injected by AKS or another Kubernetes cluster configured with workload identity. `client_id` and `tenant_id` are typically supplied by the workload-identity admission webhook through the `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE` environment variables.
- **`cli`** — uses cached credentials from a local `az login` session. Common during development.
```
